857: improve language around the use of dist_spec (#940)
epiforecasts/EpiNow2: NEWS.md

- Brought the docs on `alpha_sd` up to date with the code change from prior PR #853. By @zsusswein in #862 and reviewed by @jamesmbaazam.
- The `...` argument in `estimate_secondary()` has been removed because it was not used. By @jamesmbaazam in #894 and reviewed by @.
- All examples now use the natural parameters of distributions rather than the mean and standard deviation when specifying uncertain distributions. This is to eliminate warnings and encourage best practice. By @jamesmbaazam in #893 and reviewed by @sbfnk.

> - The ways that `dist_spec()` with certain/uncertain paramters can be constrained has been clarified. By @sbfnk in # and reviewed by @.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ways that `dist_spec()` with certain/uncertain parameters can be constrained has been clarified. By @sbfnk in #940 and reviewed by @jamesmbaazam.
```
